README.md, before:

# amazon-sp-api-clients

This is a package generated from amazon selling partner open api models.

This package is for my personal usage, and may not be a good package,
but enough for myself.

## Features

* ready to use;
* provide code to generate clients, in case that amazon update models;
* type hint.

## Note

Because that this repo currently do not need community contribution,
and is mainly for my personal usage,
so I made this repo private.
You can download the client from pypi and use it free.
But if you want to generate a new client lib to support your business,
please contact and pay me and I will provide technical support. 

For technical support, please contact [panhaoyu.china@outlook.com](mailto:panhaoyu.china@outlook.com).


由于这个库目前不打算接受社区的协助，而且主要是用于我的个人使用，
因此我将这个库设置成了私有库。
您可以免费从pypi安装并使用这个库，
但是如果您想生成一个新的客户端以适应您的业务逻辑，
我可以为您提供付费技术支持。

商业合作请联系 [panhaoyu.china@outlook.com](mailto:panhaoyu.china@outlook.com)。

## Usage

For saving time, I just paste part of my test code here as a demo.

For better understanding, all the fields are the same length of actual fields,
and some readable information are kept.

```python
def test_api():
    from datetime import datetime
    import amazon_sp_api_clients
    endpoint = "https://sellingpartnerapi-eu.amazon.com"
    marketplace_id = "XXXXXXXXXXXXXX"

    refresh_token = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx" \
                    "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx" \
                    "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx" \
                    "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
    order_pk = '123-1234567-1234567'
    role_arn = "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/xxxxxx"
    aws_access_key = 'XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX'
    aws_secret_key = "XXXXX/XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"
    client_id = 'amzn1.application-oa2-client.xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx'
    client_secret = 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx'
    client_config = dict(
        role_arn=role_arn,
        endpoint=endpoint,
        marketplace_id=marketplace_id,
        refresh_token=refresh_token,
        aws_access_key=aws_access_key,
        aws_secret_key=aws_secret_key,
        lwa_client_key=client_id,
        lwa_client_secret=client_secret,
    )
    order_client = amazon_sp_api_clients.orders.OrdersClient(**client_config, use_cache=True)

    orders = order_client.getOrders(
        MarketplaceIds=[marketplace_id],
        CreatedAfter=datetime(2000, 1, 1).isoformat()).payload.Orders
    assert len(orders) > 0
    assert orders[0].AmazonOrderId == order_pk

```

## Configuration

The client configuration can be set both at the initiation and as environment variables.

* SP_API_ROLE_ARN
* SP_API_ENDPOINT
* SP_API_REGION
* SP_API_MARKETPLACE_ID
* SP_API_REFRESH_TOKEN
* SP_API_AWS_ACCESS_KEY
* SP_API_AWS_SECRET_KEY
* SP_API_LWA_CLIENT_KEY
* SP_API_LWA_CLIENT_SECRET

## Build

The client is generated in the following steps:

1. download amazon open api repository;
1. copy open api 2 json files from the amazon repository to a single directory;
1. convert open api 2 json files to open api 3 json files;
1. convert open api 3 json files to py clients.

The main script of generation is the `test_main` python file.

When convert open api to py clients,
I separated the process into 6 steps,
which are defined in the `swager_client_generator.stages` module.

If my build is not suitable for your demand,
or amazon api model updates but my build do not follow,
you can clone this repo, modify the `api.pyt` template and build it by yourself,
and please push a PR, thanks!

# Acknowledgement

The auth method is partially from
[python-amazon-sp-api](https://github.com/saleweaver/python-amazon-sp-api).

# Note

If this library helps you, please give me a star, thanks!

如果这个库对您有用，请为我点亮Star，谢谢！

商业合作请联系 [panhaoyu.china@outlook.com](mailto:panhaoyu.china@outlook.com)。

Commit message:

v1.0.0: update many clients and support feed api.

README.md, after:

# amazon-sp-api-clients

This is a package generated from amazon selling partner open api models.

This package is for my personal usage, and may not be a good package,
but enough for myself.

## Attention

V1.0.0 changes many api, compared with v0.x.x!

注意！V1.0.0相较于v0.x.x更改了大量的API！

## Features

* ready to use;
* provide code to generate clients, in case that amazon update models;
* type hint.

## Note

Because that this repo currently do not need community contribution,
and is mainly for my personal usage,
so I made this repo private.
You can download the client from pypi and use it free.
But if you want to generate a new client lib to support your business,
please contact and pay me and I will provide technical support. 

For technical support, please contact [panhaoyu.china@outlook.com](mailto:panhaoyu.china@outlook.com).

Previously this lib is only open access but not open source, and now it's time to make it public to serve more people.

If there's any bug, please fell free to open an issue or send a pr. 

商业合作请联系 [panhaoyu.china@outlook.com](mailto:panhaoyu.china@outlook.com)。

## Usage

For saving time, I just paste part of my test code here as a demo.

For better understanding, all the fields are the same length of actual fields,
and some readable information are kept.

```python
def test_api():
    from datetime import datetime
    import amazon_sp_api_clients
    endpoint = "https://sellingpartnerapi-eu.amazon.com"
    marketplace_id = "XXXXXXXXXXXXXX"

    refresh_token = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx" \
                    "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx" \
                    "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx" \
                    "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
    order_pk = '123-1234567-1234567'
    role_arn = "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/xxxxxx"
    aws_access_key = 'XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX'
    aws_secret_key = "XXXXX/XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"
    client_id = 'amzn1.application-oa2-client.xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx'
    client_secret = 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx'
    client_config = dict(
        role_arn=role_arn,
        endpoint=endpoint,
        marketplace_id=marketplace_id,
        refresh_token=refresh_token,
        aws_access_key=aws_access_key,
        aws_secret_key=aws_secret_key,
        lwa_client_key=client_id,
        lwa_client_secret=client_secret,
    )
    order_client = amazon_sp_api_clients.OrdersV0Client(**client_config, use_cache=True)

    orders = order_client.getOrders(
        MarketplaceIds=[marketplace_id],
        CreatedAfter=datetime(2000, 1, 1).isoformat()).payload.Orders
    assert len(orders) > 0
    assert orders[0].AmazonOrderId == order_pk

```

## Configuration

The client configuration can be set both at the initiation and as environment variables.

* SP_API_ROLE_ARN
* SP_API_ENDPOINT
* SP_API_REGION
* SP_API_MARKETPLACE_ID
* SP_API_REFRESH_TOKEN
* SP_API_AWS_ACCESS_KEY
* SP_API_AWS_SECRET_KEY
* SP_API_LWA_CLIENT_KEY
* SP_API_LWA_CLIENT_SECRET

## Build

The client is generated in the following steps:

1. download amazon open api repository;
1. copy open api 2 json files from the amazon repository to a single directory;
1. convert open api 2 json files to open api 3 json files;
1. convert open api 3 json files to py clients.

The main script of generation is the `test_main` python file.

When convert open api to py clients,
I separated the process into 6 steps,
which are defined in the `swager_client_generator.stages` module.

If my build is not suitable for your demand,
or amazon api model updates but my build do not follow,
you can clone this repo, modify the `api.pyt` template and build it by yourself,
and please push a PR, thanks!

# Acknowledgement

The auth method is partially from
[python-amazon-sp-api](https://github.com/saleweaver/python-amazon-sp-api).

# Note

If this library helps you, please give me a star, thanks!

如果这个库对您有用，请为我点亮Star，谢谢！

商业合作请联系 [panhaoyu.china@outlook.com](mailto:panhaoyu.china@outlook.com)。
